generic handler added (#4)
nobitlost/MessageManager: README.md

- [MessageManager](#mmanager) &mdash; The core library. It is used to add/remove handlers, and to send messages
    - [MessageManager.send()](#mmanager_send) &mdash; Sends the data message
    - [MessageManager.on()](#mmanager_on) &mdash; Sets the callback which will be called when

>     a message with the specified name is received. Or sets the generic callback which will be called when message without name-specific callback is recieved.

Reviewer: =>
```
Sets the handler to be called when a message is received (name-specific or a generic one).
```

>     - [MessageManager.defaultOn()](#mmanager_defaulton) &mdash; Sets the generic callback which will be called when message without name-specific callback is recieved, as well as [MessageManager.on()](#mmanager_on) without specified message name.

Reviewer: =>
```
Sets the generic handler, to be called when a message doesn't match any of the name-specific handlers.
```

<div id="mmanager_on"><h4>MessageManager.on(<i>messageName, callback</i>)</h4></div>

If the `messageName` argument is not `null`, sets the name-specific message handler. Otherwise sets the generic message handler. The generic message handler captures any messages not handled by any of the name-specific callbacks.
The callback function takes two parameters: *message* (the message) and *reply* (a function that can be called to reply to the message).

```squirrel

> //Set a name-specific message handler

Reviewer: Let's please add spaces between the `//` and the comment content.

<div id="mmanager_on"><h4>MessageManager.on(<i>messageName, callback</i>)</h4></div>

> Sets a message listener function (*callback*) for the specified *messageName* or for unhandled messages if *messageName* is null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `messageName` argument is not `null`, sets the name-specific message handler. Otherwise sets the generic message handler. The generic message handler captures any messages not handled by any of the name-specific callbacks.
```

 The callback function takes two parameters: *message* (the message) and *reply* (a function that can be called to reply to the message).

```squirrel
// Get a message, and do something with it
mm.on("lights", function(message, reply) {
    led.write(message.data);
    reply("Got it!");
});

> // Get unhandled messages, and do something with its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Define generis message handler
```

mm.on(null, function(message, reply) {
    log(message.data);
    reply("Got it!");
});
```

<div id="mmanager_defaulton"><h4>MessageManager.defaultOn(<i>callback</i>)</h4></div>

> Sets a message listener function (*callback*) for unhandled messages, as well as [MessageManager.on](#mmanager_on) with null value of *messageName* parameter. The callback function takes two parameters: *message* (the message) and *reply* (a function that can be called to reply to the message).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets a handler which is called only for those messages that are not matched and handled by any name-specific callbacks set via [MessageManager.on](#mmanager_on). 

The callback function takes two parameters: *message* (the message) and *reply* (a function that can be called to reply to the message).
```

```squirrel

> // Get unhandled messages, and do something with its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Set a generic message handler
```
